README.md, before:

# LocalPDF Studio.

##  Your Complete Offline PDF Toolkit.

### Stop uploading your PDF files in some random websites.
This software is completely free, open-source, and privacy-focused. 

> All your popular PDF tools in one place.

> Runs without internet.

> No signup or account needed.

> Unlimited usage.


## For the developers
LocalPDF Studio is built with modern web technologies and follows open-source principles. We welcome contributions from developers who believe in privacy-focused, offline-first software.

### > Development Setup
- Node.JS v22 or later
- Git
- .NET Core SDK and Python (For backend development)

### > Clone the repository
- git clone https://github.com/Alinur1/LocalPDF_Studio.git
- cd LocalPDF_Studio

### > Install dependencies
- npm install electron --save-dev
- npm install --save-dev electron-builder
- npm install electron-updater
- npm run start

### > How to build one for yourself
- npm run dist (Works on all platforms)

    #### OR Platform-Specific Builds

- npm run build-win (Only for windows)
- npm run build-linux (Only for linux)
- npm run build-mac (Only for macOS)
- npm run pack (Create unpacked app for testing)

### > Quick Contribution Guide:
- Fork the repository on GitHub
- Clone your fork locally.
- Make changes.
- Test your code. (Must)
- Commit with clear messages.
- Push and create a Pull Request

Commit message:

Updated README and set macOS backend files as executable

README.md, after:

# LocalPDF Studio.

##  Your Complete Offline PDF Toolkit.

### Stop uploading your PDF files in some random websites.
This software is completely free, open-source, and privacy-focused. 

> All your popular PDF tools in one place.

> Runs without internet.

> No signup or account needed.

> Unlimited usage.


## For the developers
LocalPDF Studio is built with modern web technologies and follows open-source principles. We welcome contributions from developers who believe in privacy-focused, offline-first software.

### > Development Setup
- Node.JS v22 or later
- Git
- .NET Core SDK and Python (For backend development)

### > Clone the repository
- git clone https://github.com/Alinur1/LocalPDF_Studio.git
- cd LocalPDF_Studio
- For the devs who are using macOS only -> run this command after doing cd LocalPDF_Studio: chmod +x assets/backend_mac/*

### > Install dependencies
- npm install electron --save-dev
- npm install --save-dev electron-builder
- npm install electron-updater
- npm run start

### > How to build one for yourself
- npm run dist (Works on all platforms)

    #### OR Platform-Specific Builds

- npm run build-win (Only for windows)
- npm run build-linux (Only for linux)
- npm run build-mac (Only for macOS)
- npm run pack (Create unpacked app for testing)

### > Quick Contribution Guide:
- Fork the repository on GitHub
- Clone your fork locally.
- Make changes.
- Test your code. (Must)
- Commit with clear messages.
- Push and create a Pull Request
